Configure Plop to enable one-touch component scaffolding (#634)
priceline/design-system: CONTRIBUTING.md

npm test -- -u
```

### Creating new components

We use [Plop](https://plopjs.com/) to scaffold new components rather than copying & pasting from a boilerplate.
The configuration allows you to create new core and package components.
Follow the steps below to create a new component:

> 1. Run `npm run plop` and follow the prompts

Reviewer: update this to match the `create-component` script

npm test -- -u
```

### Creating new components

> We use [Plop](https://plopjs.com/) to scaffold new components rather than copy/pasting a boilerplate.

Reviewer 2: English nit 😅 

```suggestion
We use [Plop](https://plopjs.com/) to scaffold new components rather than copying & pasting from a boilerplate.
```

The configuration allows you to create new core and package components.
Follow the steps below to create a new component:

1. Run `npm run plop` and follow the prompts
1. Run `npm run prepare` to tell Lerna to bootstrap your new component folder

> 1. If creating a core component, add an export for your new component to `packages/core/src/index.js`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. If creating a core component, add an import & an export for the new core component in `packages/core/src/index.js` file
```

> 1. Start working!

Reviewer 2: How come these are all step 1)? Also "Start working!" could be dropped in interest for brevity.

Author: That's a way to do ordered lists in MD. I'll remove the last part as suggested.
